README.md, before:

# Hugging Face Deep RL Course 

This repository documents my journey through the [Hugging Face Deep Reinforcement Learning Course](https://huggingface.co/learn/deep-rl-course/). It contains my progress, notes, implementations, notebooks, environment setups, and the agents I've trained to master various tasks.

--- 

## Goals
- Understand the theoretical foundations of Reinforcement Learning.
- Learn to use libraries like **Stable Baselines3**, **Gymnasium**, and **RL Baselines3 Zoo**.
- Train agents to play games (Lunar Lander, Atari) and solve robotics tasks.
- Share my models on the Hugging Face Hub.

---

## Progress Tracker

| Unit | Topic | Status | Model Hub Link |
| :--- | :--- | :---: | :--- |
| **0** | Introduction & Setup | ✅ | - |
| **1** | Intro to Deep RL (LunarLander-v2) | 🏗️ | [Link] |
| **2** | Q-Learning (FrozenLake-v1) | ⬜ | [Link] |
| **3** | Deep Q-Learning (Space Invaders) | ⬜ | [Link] |
| **4** | Policy Gradients (CartPole-v1) | ⬜ | [Link] |
| **5** | Unity ML-Agents | ⬜ | [Link] |
| **6** | Actor-Critic Methods | ⬜ | [Link] |
| **7** | Multi-Agent RL | ⬜ | [Link] |
| **8** | Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) | ⬜ | [Link] |

---

## Local Setup

1. **Clone the repo:**
   ```bash
   git clone [https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/huggingface-deep-rl-study.git](https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/huggingface-deep-rl-study.git)
   cd huggingface-deep-rl-study

Commit message:

Add Resources section to README.md

README.md, after:

# Hugging Face Deep RL Course 

This repository documents my journey through the [Hugging Face Deep Reinforcement Learning Course](https://huggingface.co/learn/deep-rl-course/). It contains my progress, notes, implementations, notebooks, environment setups, and the agents I've trained to master various tasks.

--- 
## Goals
- Understand the theoretical foundations of Reinforcement Learning.
- Learn to use libraries like **Stable Baselines3**, **Gymnasium**, and **RL Baselines3 Zoo**.
- Train agents to play games (Lunar Lander, Atari) and solve robotics tasks.
- Share my models on the Hugging Face Hub.

---
## Progress Tracker

| Unit | Topic | Status | Model Hub Link |
| :--- | :--- | :---: | :--- |
| **0** | Introduction & Setup | ✅ | - |
| **1** | Intro to Deep RL (LunarLander-v2) | 🏗️ | [Link] |
| **2** | Q-Learning (FrozenLake-v1) | ⬜ | [Link] |
| **3** | Deep Q-Learning (Space Invaders) | ⬜ | [Link] |
| **4** | Policy Gradients (CartPole-v1) | ⬜ | [Link] |
| **5** | Unity ML-Agents | ⬜ | [Link] |
| **6** | Actor-Critic Methods | ⬜ | [Link] |
| **7** | Multi-Agent RL | ⬜ | [Link] |
| **8** | Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) | ⬜ | [Link] |

---
## Resources

* [Hugging Face Deep RL Course](https://huggingface.co/learn/deep-rl-course/unit0/introduction) — The main course curriculum.
* [Reinforcement Learning: An Introduction (Sutton & Barto)](http://incompleteideas.net/book/RLbook2020.pdf) — The "Bible" of RL; essential for deep theoretical understanding.

---
## Local Setup

1. **Clone the repo:**
   ```bash
   git clone [https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/huggingface-deep-rl-study.git](https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/huggingface-deep-rl-study.git)
   cd huggingface-deep-rl-study
